.TH SHADOWD 1 "Jan 21, 2015"
.SH "NAME"
shadowd \- Shadow Daemon web application firewall server
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B shadowd -c
.I config
.B ...
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B Shadow Daemon
is a collection of tools to detect, record and prevent attacks on web
applications. Technically speaking, Shadow Daemon is a web application
firewall that intercepts requests and filters out malicious parameters.
It is a modular system that separates web application, analysis and
interface to increase security, flexibility and expandability.
.sp
This component is the background server that handles the analysis and
storage of requests.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.B shadowd
requires at least a configuration file. The other parameters are optional.
Database settings can only be set via the configuration file.
.TP
.B "\-h, \-\-help"
Show a help text and exit.
.TP
.B "\-v, \-\-version"
Show version information and exit.
.TP
.B "\-c, \-\-config <path>"
Set the configuration file.
.TP
.B "\-V, \-\-verbose"
Be verbose and print debug messages.
.TP
.B "\-a, \-\-address <ip> (127.0.0.1)"
Bind to IP address.
.TP
.B "\-p, \-\-port <port> (9115)"
Bind to port.
.TP
.B "\-S, \-\-ssl"
Activate SSL.
.TP
.B "\-C, \-\-ssl\-cert <path>"
Set the SSL cert.
.TP
.B "\-K, \-\-ssl\-key <path>"
Set the SSL key.
.TP
.B "\-H, \-\-ssl\-dh <path>"
Set the DH parameters.
.TP
.B "\-t, \-\-threads <number> (10)"
Set the size of the threadpool.
.TP
.B "\-D, \-\-daemonize"
Detach the process and become a daemon.
.TP
.B "\-L, \-\-log <path>"
Set the log file.
.TP
.B "\-P, \-\-pid <path>"
Set the process id file.
.TP
.B "\-U, \-\-user <name>"
Set the user id.
.TP
.B "\-G, \-\-group <name>"
Set the group id.
.TP
.B "\-R, \-\-chroot <path>"
Set the root directory.
.TP
.B "\-\-max-parameters <number> (64)"
Set the maximum number of parameters per request.
.TP
.B "\-\-max-length-path <number> (64)"
Set the maximum length of parameter paths.
.TP
.B "\-\-max-length-value <number> (-1)"
Set the maximum length of parameter values.
.TP
.B "\-W, \-\-db-wait"
Wait for database.
.TP
.B "\-\-db-driver <driver> (pgsql)"
Set the database driver.
.TP
.B "\-\-db-host <host> (127.0.0.1)"
Set the database host.
.TP
.B "\-\-db-port <number> (5432)"
Set the database port.
.TP
.B "\-\-db-name <name> (shadowd)"
Set the database name.
.TP
.B "\-\-db-user <name> (shadowd)"
Set the database user.
.TP
.B "\-\-db-password <password>"
Set the database password.
.TP
.B "\-\-db-encoding <encoding> (UTF-8)"
Set the database encoding.
.SH "REQUIREMENTS"
A set up database is required to use shadowd.
.SH "LICENSE"
.B shadowd
is covered by the GNU General Public License (GPL), version 2.
.SH "AUTHORS"
Hendrik Buchwald <hb@zecure.org>
